README.md, before:

Style-Guide-Boilerplate v2.5.1
==============================

A starting point for crafting living style guides.

[View Demo](http://brettjankord.com/projects/style-guide-boilerplate/)

*Note: Sample patterns have been included in the demo. Your site will have it's own unique patterns.*

![Screenshot](http://bjankord.github.io/Style-Guide-Boilerplate/assets/screenshot-1.jpg)

## Getting Started With Style Guide Boilerplate

### Download the Style Guide Boilerplate
You can clone, fork, or download the repo from GitHub.
Once you have the files for **Style Guide Boilerplate**, you'll create a directory on your site for them.

### Set up a directory on your site for the style guide
I recommend creating a directory named `style-guide` in your site's root directory. I think it would be awesome if I could go to `anysite.com/style-guide/` and check out that site's style guide.

### Upload the Style Guide Boilerplate files
**Style Guide Boilerplate** is currently PHP based so you will need a server that supports PHP. Just upload the files from the GitHub repo to your newly created directory and your almost done.

### Hook up your own CSS into the style guide
In the `<head>` of **Style Guide Boilerplate** are custom styles for the boilerplate itself. These have all been prefixed with sg- so they hopefully shouldn't cause any conflicts with your website's own styles.

Below the custom styles for the boilerplate, you will add in your own custom stylesheet(s) which you use on your live site.

    <!-- Style Guide Boilerplate Styles -->
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/sg-style.css">
	  
    <!-- Replace below stylesheet with your own stylesheet -->
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/style.css">
    
    
### Review your live site CSS
You should be able to go to `yoursite.com/style-guide/` and see how your live site's CSS affects base elements.
The last step is creating your sites custom patterns/modules.

### Create custom patterns
To create custom patterns like buttons, breadcrumbs, alert messages, etc., create a new .html file and add your HTML markup into the file.

Save the file as `pattern-name.html` into the `markup/patterns` directory inside of your `style-guide` directory.

You should now be able to see the new patterns at `yoursite.com/style-guide/`

### Create personalized documentation
To create personalized documentation for your markup examples, create a new .html file and name it whatever your markup snippet is named.

Save the file as `markup-name.html` into the `doc/base` or `doc/patterns` directory inside of your `style-guide` directory.

For example, if you want to create doc for `markup/patterns/breadcrumbs.html`, create a file called `breadcrumbs.html` and save it into `doc/patterns`.

You should now be able to see the new doc at `yoursite.com/style-guide/`

## Browser Support
I've built **Style Guide Boilerplate** with progressive enhancement in mind to work on a wide range of browsers.

Known supported browsers include:

* Chrome
* Firefox
* Safari 
* Opera 
* IE6+
* Stock Android Browser (4.0+)
* Chrome for Android
* Firefox for Android
* Opera Mini
* Opera Mobile
* Safari for iOS
* Chrome for iOS

If you come across any bugs, or have any other issues with the boilerplate, please open an issue here on GitHub.


## Additional Resources
[Front-end Style Guides](http://24ways.org/2011/front-end-style-guides/)

[Front-end Style Guide Roundup](https://gimmebar.com/collection/4ecd439c2f0aaad734000022/front-end-styleguides)

[Future-Friendly Style Guides](https://speakerdeck.com/lukebrooker/future-friendly-style-guides)

[HTML KickStart](http://www.99lime.com/elements/)

[Oli.jp Style Guide](http://oli.jp/2011/style-guide/)

[Jeremy Keith's Pattern Primer](http://adactio.com/journal/5028/)

[Paul Robert Llyod's Style Guide](http://www.paulrobertlloyd.com/about/styleguide/)

[Pears](http://pea.rs/)

[Starbucks Style Guide](http://www.starbucks.com/static/reference/styleguide/)

## Credit
Thanks to: 

Jeremy Keith for letting me build on top of [Pattern Primer](https://github.com/adactio/Pattern-Primer).

## Contributing to this project

Anyone and everyone is welcome to contribute. Please take a moment to
review the [guidelines for contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md).

* [Bug reports](CONTRIBUTING.md#bugs)
* [Feature requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#features)
* [Pull requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)



## Licensing 
**Style Guide Boilerplate** is licensed under the [MIT License](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)

Use it, build upon it, make awesome shit with it.

Commit message:

Just updating stuff
Updated change log
Updated license
Begin updates to readme

README.md, after:

Conspectus v1.0
==============================

A starting point for crafting living style guides.

![Screenshot](http://bjankord.github.io/Style-Guide-Boilerplate/assets/screenshot-1.jpg)

## Getting Started With Conspectus

### Requirements
**Conspectus** is written in PHP. Make sure your server has PHP installed and configured.

### Download Conspectus
Download the repo from GitHub.
Psst, you can clone it, too. Fork it if you're really cool.

### Upload the files to your web server
Unzip the archive and upload the folder to your web server.
Rename the folder something like, uh, style-guide.
Make sure the folder has the proper permissions. Something like 755 (or, -rwxr-xr-x) should do.

### Edit the config



### Check it out
You should be able to go to `yoursite.com/style-guide/` and see how your live site's CSS affects base elements.
The last step is creating your sites custom patterns/modules.

### Create custom patterns
To create custom patterns like buttons, breadcrumbs, alert messages, etc., create a new .html file and add your HTML markup into the file.

Save the file as `pattern-name.html` into the `markup/patterns` directory inside of your `style-guide` directory.

You should now be able to see the new patterns at `yoursite.com/style-guide/`

### Create personalized documentation
To create personalized documentation for your markup examples, create a new .html file and name it whatever your markup snippet is named.

Save the file as `markup-name.html` into the `doc/base` or `doc/patterns` directory inside of your `style-guide` directory.

For example, if you want to create doc for `markup/patterns/breadcrumbs.html`, create a file called `breadcrumbs.html` and save it into `doc/patterns`.

You should now be able to see the new doc at `yoursite.com/style-guide/`

## Browser Support
I've built **Conspectus** with progressive enhancement in mind to work on a wide range of browsers.

Known supported browsers include:

* Chrome
* Firefox
* Safari
* Opera
* IE6+
* Stock Android Browser (4.0+)
* Chrome for Android
* Firefox for Android
* Opera Mini
* Opera Mobile
* Safari for iOS
* Chrome for iOS

If you come across any bugs, or have any other issues with the boilerplate, please open an issue here on GitHub.


## Additional Resources
[Front-end Style Guides](http://24ways.org/2011/front-end-style-guides/)

[Front-end Style Guide Roundup](https://gimmebar.com/collection/4ecd439c2f0aaad734000022/front-end-styleguides)

[Future-Friendly Style Guides](https://speakerdeck.com/lukebrooker/future-friendly-style-guides)

[HTML KickStart](http://www.99lime.com/elements/)

[Oli.jp Style Guide](http://oli.jp/2011/style-guide/)

[Jeremy Keith's Pattern Primer](http://adactio.com/journal/5028/)

[Paul Robert Llyod's Style Guide](http://www.paulrobertlloyd.com/about/styleguide/)

[Pears](http://pea.rs/)

[Starbucks Style Guide](http://www.starbucks.com/static/reference/styleguide/)

## Credit
Thanks to:

Jeremy Keith for letting me build on top of [Pattern Primer](https://github.com/adactio/Pattern-Primer).

## Contributing to this project

Anyone and everyone is welcome to contribute. Please take a moment to
review the [guidelines for contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md).

* [Bug reports](CONTRIBUTING.md#bugs)
* [Feature requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#features)
* [Pull requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)



## Licensing
**Conspectus** is licensed under the [MIT License](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)

Use it, build upon it, make awesome shit with it.
